## Next

- changed environment variable used to find Maven Local Repository from `MAVEN_HOME` to `MAVEN_LOCAL_HOME`.
- install dependencies to Maven Local unless `JB_INSTALL_TO_MAVEN_LOCAL` is set to `false`.

# 0.15.0

- added support for Java modules.
- separated classpath and modulepath when compiling modules.
- updated licenses registry.
- improved JUnit5 execution so both old and new versions work (after `execute` command introduced in JUint).
- rewrote `publish` task to work with new Sonatype Publish API.

# 0.14.0

- added the `jshell` task, which allows running a Java shell with the project's classpath easily.
- changed `generatePom` task to emit POM without any transitive dependencies, so `jb`'s resolution is used, not Maven's.
- improved the `dependencies` task so its output is much nicer to look at.
- `dependencies` task output now shows local dependencies' transitive dependencies.
- `dependencies` task output now shows proper version conflicts that take into account the full dependency graph, including local dependencies.
- added `verifyDependencies` task which fails if the project has version conflicts, causing compilation to not even start.

# 0.13.0

- updated JBuild version to `0.12.0`.
- automatically add jb config file as input of custom tasks requiring `JbConfig`.
- write transitive dependency tree to JSON file and use that to download them later.
- improved `dependencies` task output.
- honour dependency exclusions per dependency and global exclusions.
- updated SPDX licenses file.
- fixed `-p` option so that working directory works in more scenarios.
- allow specifying which Test library version to use with `jb create`.
- several fixes to incremental builds.
- show extension task configuration in `showJbConfiguration` task output.
- warn if any configuration is not used by jb or any extensions.

## 0.12.0

- fixed handling of `-J-` `javacArgs` - must be passed to `java` when starting the JVM executor.
- use Java CDS (Class Data Sharing) to slightly improve Java commands performance.
- support for compiling Groovy projects.
- support for testing using the Spock Framework.
- fixed detection of source directories when not specified so that the same logic as JBuild is used.
- support for per-dependency transitive dependency exclusions.

## 0.11.0

- improved `dependencies` task output.
- added options to `dependencies` task to show compile-time or runtime deps and to show licenses.

## 0.10.0

- colorize prompts when running `jb create`.
- fixed projects generated by `jb create`.

## 0.9.0

- fixed Java test runner classpath on Windows.
- updated JBuild jar.

## 0.8.0

- updated jbuild-api version to `0.10.0`.
- support using full `JbConfig` in jb extensions. 
- added `manifest` to config to support custom manifest file.
- made all jb extension builds depend on the jb config.

## 0.7.0

- support for "structs" (Java classes) in jb extension config.
- allow custom jb tasks to perform incremental execution.
- improved jb extensions so JVM does not need to run just to load config.
- fixed several caching issues related to sub-projects.
- updated SPDX licenses.
- fixed JVM Executor: only start up one per build.
- fixed JVM Executor: ensure it's killed after the build completes.

## 0.6.0

- added `publish` task for publishing to local and remote Maven repositories, including Maven Central.
- added `showJbConfiguration` task.
- improved POM creation task.
- added config `name`, `description`, `url`, `licenses`, `developers`, `scm` (used by Maven) to project configuration.
- include jar dependencies in project's libraries directories.
- list also jar and sub-project dependencies in `dependencies` task.
- many improvements to extension tasks.

## 0.5.0

- Handle jar dependencies.
- Show dependencies in dependencies task.
- Experimental support for Java-written extension tasks.
- New `requirements` task to show project requirements.

## 0.4.0

- #5 Support for annotation processors.
- Pass options starting with `-J-` to the JVM runtime, not the Java tool being called. See error-prone example.
- Report basic errors without stacktrace.
- Fixed version report.

## 0.3.0

- Support for YAML imports.
- Added config `java-env`, `run-java-env` and `test-java-env` for setting environment variables.
- Removed build dependency on freezed. 

## 0.2.0

- Fixed detecting `--main-class` argument to `run` task when it's the first argument.
- Added documentation for most code.
- Detect when user selects JUnit tests explicitly to avoid passing `--scan-classpath` option.
- Updated embedded jbuild.jar with several fixes.
- #6 Support for properties in YAML files.
- Print a success message at the end of a build.
- Better output of `dependencies` task.

## 0.1.0

- Initial version.
